Today, peppa and
her family  have come to the funfair.
I love the funfair.
Sliding, sliding..
George wants to go to the helter skelter.
Ok. See you later.
See you later.
Roll up, roll up.
Hook a duck and win a giant teddy.
Mummy, can we have a go?
Ok.
One pound, please.
One pound?
It’s all for a good cause.
Win a giant teddy, mummy!
I’ll try, peppa,
but I don’t think it’s that easy.
You are right. You’ve got no chance.
What?
It’s impossible.
Waste of money, if you ask me.
We’ll see about that.
Mummy Pig has won.
Hurray!
That’s amazing. Here’s your giant teddy.
Would you like a little
teddy instead, peppa?
No way who say.
Look, mummy. A giant teddy!
It’s a bit big.
No, it’s not.
George and daddy are
queuing for the helterselter.
Hmm… it’s a bit high, George.
Are you sure you want to have a go?
One pound, please.
One pound?
It’s all for a good cause.
Oh dear. It is a bit too high for George.
Don’t worry George.
I will come up with you.
That’s one pound, please.
Oh.
George isn’t afraid of height any more.
Oh, it is a bit high, isn’t it?
I’ll just go down the stairs.
The stairs are full of children.
That’s the way down, daddy pig.
Oh, ok.
Roll up, roll up.
Hit the target and win a giant teddy.
You can do that easy, mummy.
We do not want to win
another giant teddy, peppa.
Sound worry. You
won’t win. women are useless at this.
I’m sorry. What did you say?
It’s a game of skill.
How much for one go?
Mummy Pig has won.
Unbelievable, here is your giant teddy.
Hurray!
I want a teddy like that one, mummy.
They are too big.
No, they are not.
Daddy pig and
George are riding on the big wheel.
Hold tight now.
That really is high.
Oh, I’m glad that’s over.
Five times’ round for one pound.
Five times’ round? Oh, no.
Roll up, roll up. Test your
strength ? out hammer and bell.
What do we have to do?
You hit this button with this hammer.
If the bell rings, you win a prize.
No skill involved,
but you need to be strong.
I’ll have a go.
One pound.
Bad luck!
Hoho, I’m strong. I’ll have a go.
Stand back, everyone.
Do be careful,
daddy pig. You are no that fit.
Yes, daddy pig is ??dropping a bit tummy.
What?
I’m just saying
daddy pig is a bit round in the tummy.
Give me that hammer.
Goodness me.
I’ve never seen anything like it.
That wins all the giant teddies we have.
Hooray!
Mummy, can we give
these teddies to my friends?
What a good idea!
Thank you, peppa.
Most kind.
Thank you very much.